Claris Home Page Presentation Template 11/22/96 This folder contains example files for a presentation template.  To see this template working, open the file "Intro.htm" in your browser.  The arrows at the bottom of the screen are navigation buttons that control the presentation flow.  Press the right arrow to advance to the next slide, the left arrow to return to the previous slide, and the middle square to jump to the first slide in the template.  Open one of the slides in Claris Home Page, and you will see that it is made up of a table with two cells.  The top cell contains the presentation content.  The bottom cell contains the navigation buttons.  The navigation buttons are a client-side image map.Tips-------------------------------------1) Additional slides can be added by copying one of the template slides.  You will need to reset the links in the navigation button client-side image map of the new slide, the slide immediately before the new slide, and the slide immediately after the new slide to make the presentation work properly.  2) All images for the presentation template are contained in the Images folder.  It is good practice to do this, especially if you plan to upload your files to a server.3) A simple color background is used for the slides.  This was done for performance reasons, since background images (such as textures) take longer to download.  If you want, you can easily add a background image (choose Document Options from the Edit menu in Claris Home Page).  Two background images that look pretty good with this presentation template are BROWN PAPER LITE.jpg, and WHITEGRAY SPECKS.jpg (both are shipped with Claris Home Page).4) When giving your presentation, it is a good idea turn off your browser toolbars (this can usually be done in the Options menu of your browser's menu bar), and maximize your browser window to the size of the screen.5) If you get into a situation where you have to scroll down to get to your navigation buttons, it is because you have tried to put too much information in your slide.  Try splitting the slide into two or more separate slides.  You can also try reducing the font size of the text in your slide to make it fit in a smaller space.